EasySats - Orange Pill Handbook
Introduction
This handbook is meant to assist you in onboarding business owners of all sorts with a
structured enough approach to be able to handle questions thrown at you, while making
sure you fully comprehend the information you are sharing yourself so you can be
flexible in any situation.
This is not simply a script to be followed, but a guide to learn from so that you not only
sound confident in the information you are sharing, but you are confident in that
information because you comprehend it & hopefully agree with it.
Throughout this guide there is one thing I would like you to keep in mind. That you,
always 'Keep It Simple' & not try to sound like you know more than you do on the topic or
attempt to complicate something better understood when you simplify it.
Remember, you don't have to know how to fix the engine of a car in order to drive a car.
in that same vein, people don't need to understand every aspect of Bitcoin for them to
be able to accept, use or store it for the long term.
The Problem
Many tend to complicate the easiest parts about Bitcoin when most will come to
understand it the easiest by the use cases it solves.
Not only are most of us familiar with the overreach of monthly banking charges for
storing our money, but we are all too aware of how they punish us, as small business
owners, with additional fees when we miss a payment, many times without warning or a
chance to make an arrangement.
This coupled with the risk of being robbed of money received for goods on sight, by
shady bookkeepers, or other bad actors, keeps us in a system that we have no say over
yet continue to pay for.
#EasySats a Division of OKIN Trading Enterprises CC
The Solution
The solutions that Bitcoin offers are many, but we will be focusing on no more than
three which solve the problems stated above, Ease of Usage; True Ownership &
Additional Revenue Stream.
Explaining these three along with the problems, will allow the business owner you are
speaking to the opportunity to make the connection themselves & thus have it be more
impactful & relatable. Remember, the point is to keep it simple enough for them to be
able to tell their friends & family about it too.
Ease of Usage
If you have ever used cell phone banking or recharged your cell phone with airtime, then
you can receive, send & store Bitcoin by yourself.
With Bitcoin, you are like your own bank, meaning you don't need the permission of any
other person or business for you to transact with or store your Bitcoin. It is as easy as
allowing people to scan a QR Code & pay their bill or total amount in Bitcoin instead of
fiat (Government Money - Namibian Dollars).
True Ownership
Unlike your bank account, your Bitcoin Application (Wallet) is owned by you if you
choose to use Self-Custody. This means that you, and only you, will take full ownership
& responsibility of your funds. There are two essential points that must be noted here.
1. 2. Your Seed Phrase (12 or 24 word combination) is the only way to access a Non-
Custodial Bitcoin App, which means that if you forget or lose your Seed Phrase,
there is nobody who can help you gain access to it again. But this also means
that without you sharing those words with someone, they have no way to access,
use or take those funds from your Bitcoin App. So it's best to view your Seed
Phrase like a Master Key.
Bitcoin is safer for many vendors as they can receive payments without the place
their Sats (Satoshis = Bitcoin "Cents") are stored even being at the same location.
Making it even more secure for everyone, as no cash is visibly being exchanged &
the ability to show empty, or near empty, "dummy wallets" is also a feature.
#EasySats a Division of OKIN Trading Enterprises CC
Additional Revenue Stream
Accepting Bitcoin has additional features that go along with it, such as allowing those
who may not have the equivalent in Namibian Dollars available to make a purchase still,
but it also allows for those who have no means of income in the conventional system to
be able to earn Bitcoin & then spend that to purchase the goods or services they require.
This gains the establishment another set of clients, but also opens them up to the
question from their customers on where they can obtain Bitcoin for themselves.
The Opportunity
This leads us to the opportunity at hand, as those establishments who are accepting
Bitcoin for their Goods & Services, start wanting to be able to service their communities
by being able to sell them Bitcoin. This is where #EasySats Bitcoin Vouchers come in.
Firstly, we take away the need for them to be seen as an exchange as at #EasySats, we
don't sell Bitcoin, we sell Bitcoin Vouchers. These Vouchers are identical to Mobile
Airtime Vouchers like the ones those establishments already might sell in the form of
MTC or TN Mobile Vouchers, with the added ease of being able to scan a QR Code for
redemption of that Bitcoin Voucher, using a Bitcoin App.
This is where the additional Revenue Stream for these establishments comes in. Once
they purchase their liquidity to be able to issue Bitcon Vouchers, they can immediately
start selling vouchers at the price they determine by themselves, as the login details for
their account are given to them, and only to them.
As the main Vendor for the country who issues the liquidity to them, #EasySats is the
entity that provides them with their login details & is the one who adds their Brick &
Mortar establishment to the global map of places where one can purchase a Bitcoin
Voucher, giving their business visibility to an international audience.
For every Sub-Vendor that you sign up, the split of profits will be on a scaling from 70/30
working towards 50/50 as you sign up more sub-vendors.
#EasySats a Division of OKIN Trading Enterprises CC
Profit Share Progression:
● 0-10 Sub-vendors make a profit share of 70% goes to #EasySats & 30% goes to you.
● 11-20 Sub-vendors make a profit share of 60% goes to #EasySats & 40% goes to you.
● 20+ Sub-vendors make a profit share of 50% goes to #EasySats & 50% goes to you.
Additional Resources
Free Books
● Inventing Bitcoin
● The Simple Bitcoin Book Ever Written
Article on The Lightning Network
● A Look at the Lightning Network
Education - Course with Free Certificate upon Completion
● The Saylor Academy - Bitcoin for Everybody
Our Website
● okinent.com
#EasySats a Division of OKIN Trading Enterprises CC
Sub-Vendor Signup Sheet
Business Name First Name Surname Outlet Address Telephone
Number
Email Address
#EasySats a Division of OKIN Trading Enterprises CC